Snapchat conversion setting update (#780)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/destinations/streaming-destinations/snapchat-conversion.mdx

- **API Token**: Enter your API token generated from your Snapchat dashboard.
- **Pixel ID**: Enter your Snap Pixel ID. This is required for sending the web and offline events.

<div class="infoBlock">
For more information on getting your API token and Snap Pixel ID, refer to the <a href="#faq">FAQ</a> section below.
</div>

- **Snap App ID**: Enter your Snapchat App ID. This is required for sending the app events.

<div class="infoBlock">
Refer to the <a href="https://ads.tiktok.com/marketing_api/docs?id=1701890914536450">Generate your Snap App ID</a> guide for more information on generating the Snap App ID.
</div>

- **App ID**: Enter the unique ID associated with your application. This is required for sending the app events.

<div class="warningBlock">
The <strong>App ID</strong> is different from <strong>Snap App ID</strong>. It should be numeric for iOS and in the human-interpretable string format in case of Android.

For more information, refer to the <a href="https://marketingapi.snapchat.com/docs/conversion.html#conversion-parameters">Conversions API reference</a>.
</div>

> - **Map your events with Snapchat Standard Events**: Enter the event name and pick a corresponding <Link to="https://businesshelp.snapchat.com/s/article/chrome-helper?language=en_US">Snapchat standard event</Link> from the dropdown to be triggered when that event is called.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Map your events with Snapchat Standard Events**: Enter the event name and select the corresponding <Link to="https://businesshelp.snapchat.com/s/article/chrome-helper?language=en_US">Snapchat standard event</Link> from the dropdown to be triggered when that event is called.
```
